js_promise_function_DOM: Cypress tests added (#15)
mate-academy/js_promise_function_DOM: README.md

1. Replace `<your_account>` with your Github username in the link
    - [DEMO LINK](https://<your_account>.github.io/js_promise_function_DOM/)
2. Follow [this instructions](https://mate-academy.github.io/layout_task-guideline/)
    - Run `npm run test` command to test your code;
    - Run `npm run test:only -- -n` to run fast test ignoring linter;
    - Run `npm run test:only -- -l` to run fast test with additional info in console ignoring linter.

### Task: Promise function

To complete this task, you should create a function that returns a `Promise`.
Create function `waitFor` which takes two parameters:
- `element` - DOM element;
- `eventName`, such as `click`, `input` and `blur`.

The function returns a Promise which should be resolved when `eventName` happened on `element`.

> Function should print the message with text: `It was ${eventName} on the element: ${element.nodeName}, id: ${element.id}.`

Reviewer: What does it mean to `print the message`? console.log?

> Example of the promise: `It was click on the element: INPUT, id: login.`

Reviewer: Not sure I understand this. Please rephrase or we can talk about this during the standup.

Author: changed description

> Hint: You have to use DOM to notify users about resolved or rejected promises.

Reviewer: How should I use DOM to notify users?

1. Replace `<your_account>` with your Github username in the link
    - [DEMO LINK](https://<your_account>.github.io/js_promise_function_DOM/)
2. Follow [this instructions](https://mate-academy.github.io/layout_task-guideline/)
    - Run `npm run test` command to test your code;
    - Run `npm run test:only -- -n` to run fast test ignoring linter;
    - Run `npm run test:only -- -l` to run fast test with additional info in console ignoring linter.

### Task: Promise function

To complete this task, you should create a function that returns a `Promise`.

Create function `waitFor` which takes two parameters:
- `element` - DOM element;
- `eventName`, such as `click`, `input` and `blur`.
The function returns a `Promise` which should be resolved when `eventName` happened on `element`.
Function should return the notification message with text:
`It was ${eventName} on the element: ${element.nodeName}, id: ${element.id}.`
For example: `It was click on the element: INPUT, id: login.`

> Create a function `printMessage` which takes one parameter `message` and returns a <div> element with notification message above. Notification message should have class `message`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a function `printMessage` which takes one parameter `message` and adds to the DOM a <div> element with notification message above. Notification message should have class `message`.
```
